okay hi guys it's me just I am on making
a quick video of what to buy for gastric
bypass I just want to go over a couple
of the different things that we
purchased to go through both of our
surgery as you know Joe's already had
his and mine is at a month for now so
the things that we bought go ahead and
grab a pen and paper this is actually
just pretty much the brunt of it a lot
of what other people have as well
instant carnation breakfast is one of
the biggest things sugar-free he used
this before and after surgery it's a lot
less gritty than a lot of the whey
protein and stuff with whole milk so I
mount things like that this work out
just fine um another shape that we got
was the this one here which is what I
meant by quitea
it is a little gritty I don't I'm not
huge fans the Joe like that so I guess
it's all the taste this is cookies and
cream
low sugar 52 grams of protein in one
scoop but we did half now we just said
that's two scoops we did Pat that just
one scoop or just plenty um so this is
pretty good is definitely something to
check into they also sell larger ones
which we have one here for 135 bucks or
something the small one that I just
showed you we have the vanilla except
those are good the strawberry not so
good and those are each 15 bucks apiece
so we also have coffee you can mix it
with soy milk and there's a lot of
protein or you can mix it in one of
those vanilla shakes and you have
yourself a nice shake something that I
also found at Walmart is sugar-free
hazelnut it's perfect there's like
nothing in it but there is it is um
isn't really good for lactose intolerant
people cuz it's still cream another
drink which is really awesome as one of
these there is 20 fluid ounces in a
bottle it's
called ISO pure I don't know if you can
read it is Oh pure and this is great
Frost I think it's okay I guess the
aftertaste isn't that great Joe doesn't
really like it definitely something to
look into the 440 grams of protein in
one of these bottles my surgeon told us
that this is probably pretty good no
carbs check it out low sugar no sugar
sorry
no sugar it does have some calcium in it
and 40 grams of protein like I said this
is amazing specially for people right
after surgery you need to have about 60
grams plus of protein one of these
bottles is 40 definitely something to
check into also these here which is the
pure protein
you can check those out your local
grocery store I was like a buck
ninety-nine where we went to I had to
turn it yet so I'm not even going to say
if I like it or not all right so a
couple of the bowls that we thought a
lot of people buy a lot of different
things we bought these at the dollar
store these are like just regular sauce
both it holds about half a cup so these
actually work out pretty well really
great thing are these their baby cups
definitely look for the big stuff
because it's small you're teaching
yourself how to easy at night so here's
this it holds about a little over a half
a cup works perfect for soups everything
you may have covers that snap on and
actually it holds two which is pretty
good so check out the dollar store for
things like that baby spoons dollar
struggle and eighty of them for a couple
box so these are good because of the
small bites and stuff I thought it was
silly but after taking a look at it's
not a silly and thanks okay um under the
still here these are here remember back
when your kids you know these things
actually work check out your um you know
goodwill or something like that
generally they have them still or maybe
Walmart still hasn't but it's actually
really good because the juice you know
you're getting no air which are pretty
good until I gets down low so definitely
check that out
I'm probably go in and out
welcome her another thing of water this
works out really good got a CVS probably
at Walmart or something and it shows 8
out 16 and 32 so water that's actually
really good before and after surgery um
we also gotta wear this is a cheap wear
that we got some warm up Joe's mom got
it Bart not sure exactly where she got
it but you can check out Goodwill stuff
like that they normally have stuff like
that for roll cheap so it's actually
really nice to do the ounces and stuff
like that and it's real simple really
simple I put the bowl in there and I
know how much they've always it works um
and this right here from GMC you should
definitely check out GNC and get one of
these we have two of them and they work
so well it has a compartment for cheese
so you just put that on there and it
holds cheese and it goes up to like 12
ounces so you can put a shake in there
and it's really quite awesome
you put a cover I mean the protein
shaker and the protein in it and then
you also felt nice than that you also
have these little rings of things that
you get at UM at GNC as well for just a
couple bucks and it snaps right in and
then the cover of course and this thing
will keep really cold to go out with is
a little drink hole and stuff obviously
but this is really cool about the whole
you know you can put cube cheese in
there something for protein okay so
that's pretty cool so for vitamins we
got by asus right after surgery you're
craving something to chew these you can
choose because they melt down so these
are actually quite cool
he likes to the Carmel one we also
chocolate syndromes we got the silver
there's no difference Mina's mom look
there's no difference in the silver
really and the regular so the big
Silver's on sale just get the silver
centrum chewables it's great because he
likes to - on things like a
I also want to pick up some of this
liquid Tylenol you can get it your local
source the only one that I know of that
carries it and I had started down but I
founded it righted so definitely check
out Rite Aid for the liquid tunnel um we
also have these green my friend she has
surgery and she said that these actually
help you know if you're you know because
when you drink and stuff you
accidentally swallow some um you know
bubbles or whatever and that's really
can be painful you definitely want to
know both and this holds all of the
different like what you're eating and
stuff like that your surgeon is going to
want to know dieticians going to want to
know oh this right here is actually
really awesome it's actually saved us
the filter purpose come out and get it
at CVS they're missing because he runs
off with them and then I don't find them
so um and they pop right out and you
take them with you with as many pills
you can see there's tons of pills in
there that you'll be taking after your
surgery noticing also make sure that
you're asked for these cups little
medicine cups these things have saved us
especially right after surgery measuring
every single little things that we're
doing you know definitely check that out
get a couple normally they're pretty
cool they gave us a whole ton of them so
that's pretty much it
that's pretty much it in a nutshell if
you have any questions about anything
definitely messaging and I can let you
know so that's about it I am going to
make a couple other videos Joe is going
to make a video I'm going to make
another video so they'll probably be
like three videos up chuckle thanks